# nf-core/ribomsqc: Output

## Introduction

This document describes the output produced by the pipeline.

The directories listed below will be created in the results directory after the pipeline has finished. All paths are relative to the top-level results directory.

## Pipeline overview

The pipeline is built using [Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/) and processes data using the following steps:

- Parse RAW files using ThermoRawFileParser
- [Perform XIC extraction and plotting using MSNBASEXIC](#xic-results)
- Aggregate QC metrics with MultiQC
- [Pipeline information](#pipeline-information) - Report metrics generated during the workflow execution

---

## XIC results

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `xic_results/`
  - One `.tsv` file per sample with extracted chromatographic peak intensities.
  - Format: tab-delimited, includes columns such as analyte name, retention time, m/z window, intensity, etc.
  - These are the core QC outputs for performance assessment.
</details>

---

## MultiQC report

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `multiqc/`
  - `multiqc_report.html`: Aggregated QC report summarising XIC `.tsv` files.
  - `multiqc_data/`: Folder containing raw data used by MultiQC.
</details>

---

### Pipeline information

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `pipeline_info/`
  - Reports generated by Nextflow: `execution_report.html`, `execution_timeline.html`, `execution_trace.txt` and `pipeline_dag.dot`/`pipeline_dag.svg`.
  - Reports generated by the pipeline: `nf_core_ribomsqc_software_versions.yml`.
  - Parameters used by the pipeline run: `params.json` (if saved).
</details>

[Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/tracing.html) provides excellent functionality for generating various reports relevant to the running and execution of the pipeline. This will allow you to troubleshoot errors with the running of the pipeline, and also provide you with other information such as launch commands, run times and resource usage.